Add sensor platform to UptimeRobot (#21343)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/uptimerobot.markdown

ha_domain: uptimerobot
ha_platforms:
  - binary_sensor
  - sensor
ha_quality_scale: platinum
ha_config_flow: true
---

> The `uptimerobot` integration provides binary sensors and sensors to get the status for all of your monitors from your account on [UptimeRobot]( https://uptimerobot.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `uptimerobot` integration provides entities to get the status for all of your monitors from your account on [UptimeRobot]( https://uptimerobot.com).
```

Maybe?
